README.md, before:

Spike Plan
==============

**Name**: "Alex Sonneveld <alex.sonneveld@live.com.au>"

## Context:
<PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE>

Markdown is a commonly used "text to HTML" syntax with a focus on content rather
document markup, and is often used within most social coding platforms to build
README files or documentation.

**Knowledge/Skill/Technology Gap:**
The developer is not aware or familiar with <PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE> and needs to
setup their workstation to compile code written in <PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE> for
their future self-projects or external projects.

## Goals/Deliverables:
**[GIT REPOSITORY (CODE)] + [SPIKE REPORT]**

You need to create a simple "Hello World" application in <PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE>.
It needs to compile. It should display the text "Hello World" to the screen,
when executed. (The executable can be committed along side the source code,
but even if it is not you need to detail how to compile said program so that the
reviewer can compile it on their machine). This program should be the absolute
minimum needed to write a program said <PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE>.

You need will need upload your copy of this Git repository, your with code and
your Spike Report that describes the steps involved to setup your machine
(and/or  potentially other remote machines) to run your <PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE>
code.

Your reports should be in Markdown (or similar text format), so that the can be
reviewed within the browser, or opened with the default text editor installed on
the operating system (please NO Microsoft Word documents).

**Planned start date:**  2017/03/06

**Deadline:**  2017/03/15

## Planning notes:
- Review the Goals/Deliverables (above)
- Review the recommended sources (below)
- Read the _online_ documentation for <PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE>
- Commit your work to Git
- Upload your finished report (in Markdown preferred) and provide a link

**Extras / Bonus Points:**

- What bugs did you encounter?
- Can you execute the compiled (or interpreted) program on another machine, if
  not why?

### Recommend sources:
- [<PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE_WEBSITE>](<PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE_WEBSITE_URL>)

Commit message:

Update Spike 02 for C# programming language
Update the Spike 02 "Hello world" template for the C# programming
language to include references for participants to get started on
building their own "Hello world" application, whislt setting up their
computer to do so as well.

== References:
- [C# Programming Guide](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/67ef8sbd.aspx)

- [Hello world/Text - Rosetta Code]
  (https://www.rosettacode.org/wiki/Hello_world/Text)

- [Why Learn C# - Best Programming Language]
  (http://www.bestprogramminglanguagefor.me/why-learn-c-sharp)

- [C Sharp (programming language) - Wikipedia]
  (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language))

README.md, after:

Spike Plan
==============

**Name**: "Alex Sonneveld <alex.sonneveld@live.com.au>"

## Context:
"Hello World" is a simple program to test that the computer can run code.

**Knowledge/Skill/Technology Gap:**
The developer is not aware or familiar with C# and needs to setup their
workstation to compile code written in C# for their future self-projects or
external projects.

## Goals/Deliverables:
**[GIT REPOSITORY (CODE)] + [SPIKE REPORT]**

- You need to create a simple "Hello World" application in C#
- It needs to compile
- It should display the text "Hello World" to the screen, when executed.
  (The executable can be committed along side the source code, but even if it is
  not you need to detail how to compile said program so that the reviewer can
  compile it on their machine)

This program should be the absolute minimum needed to write a program in C#.

You need will need upload your copy of this Git repository, your with code and
your Spike Report that describes the steps involved to setup your machine
(and/or potentially other remote machines) to run your C# code.

Your reports should be in Markdown (or similar text format), so that the can be
reviewed within the browser, or opened with the default text editor installed on
the operating system (please NO Microsoft Word documents).

**Planned start date:**  2017/03/06

**Deadline:**  2017/03/15

## Planning notes:
- Review the Goals/Deliverables (above)
- Review the recommended sources (below)
- Read the _online_ documentation for C#
- Commit your work to Git
- Upload your finished report (in Markdown preferred) and provide a link

**Extras / Bonus Points:**

- What bugs did you encounter?
- Can you execute the compiled (or interpreted) program on another machine, if
  not why?
- Who primarily maintains C#, what is it often used with and why?

### Recommend sources:
- [C# Programming Guide](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/67ef8sbd.aspx)

- [Hello world/Text - Rosetta Code]
  (https://www.rosettacode.org/wiki/Hello_world/Text)

- [Why Learn C# - Best Programming Language]
  (http://www.bestprogramminglanguagefor.me/why-learn-c-sharp)

- [C Sharp (programming language) - Wikipedia]
  (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language))
